my point with another video review and
today we're going to be taking a look at
the gear for toys GT o 1r in GTO an eye
gear for toys the latest company to
throw their hat into the ring for
upgrading our g1 toys and if any g1 toy
in history needed upgrading its these
two guys first long as I can possibly
remember these two particular figures
have gotten the largest amount of hate I
suppose because these toys look nothing
like their actual cartoons how can how
can you pretend that this is Ironhide
when it doesn't even look like Ironhide
there was always one of the biggest
complaints that I've always had with
this set and probably one of the reasons
why it took me so long to actually buy
them I mean honest they don't even have
heads what are you supposed to do with
them basically wait until 2008 when best
toys came out with a head for Ironhide
and ratchet flip it on here on the back
and you can see that there were just
little tiny heads that slid into the
back section here are the figures
themselves near the heads themselves and
actually they were really nice upgrade
pieces kind of expensive this set alone
was I believe $30 when it first came out
you could probably get a cheaper now but
it's really really simple you see this
little slot thing right here they just
slide right down and now your Ironhide
has a head and your ratchet has a head
that won't kind of left some problems
cuz you added some height to him now his
arms really looked kind of dopey any
girl arms I guess would be a nice term
but they're just terrible looking one
thing that was really really nice about
these though is that they could actually
fold and they could actually store envy
Okamoto I'm just gonna transform him
real quick
so you can kind of see that it was
actually a really nice touch that I
really liked and then you take the back
section and you just plug this down and
you can see that the head is still in
there but you can actually have them
store that headpiece in VO commode and I
really thought that there was a
brilliant idea that they had enter gear
for toys and as you can see you have a
nice silhouette of what we're gonna be
getting in the package here you flip
around there's nothing in the box you
gotta build gear
right there but that's pretty much it
same thing with the actual ratchet boxes
on nothing spectacular with it but when
you open it up take it out and there you
see what you're getting and you also get
some instructions with it
and you open it up onto this nice
plastic tray you can see what exactly
we're getting with this figure very
nice-looking an on piece which gives
them a nice head and arms articulated
arms they look so much better also you
get this nice little battery an
additional battery and I'll explain why
you need that in a minute and you get a
really nice chromed out gun I really
like the way that looks very shiny very
nice gun on there but the set itself is
actually really nice the only problem
that I really have with it it's gonna be
his face yeah his face is kind of derpy
kind of looks like he's got puffy cheeks
I don't know you decide which which head
do you think looks better let me know
but this is an overall fantastic looking
piece which I'm really really excited
about now to attach it it's actually
really simple first if you have this
take this off rotate these around just
like so just kind of hold them there
then all you have to do is take this and
this kind of just fits into place here
doesn't really peg in anything doesn't
really slot in anything you just kind of
hold it there and then you rotate these
up and that's what's actually gonna hold
it in place and here you have Ironhide
and yeah I really like the way this
thing looks now granted people have
complained because now his upper body
looks real bulky and his legs look small
but I don't really think it looks all
that terribly bad you take his gun in it
obviously can hold in either hand and I
just love the way this looks I mean
that's really spiffy the extra battery
is used because he actually has one
other really cool feature if you look
here on the back right there where that
white button is if you push it his eyes
will light up and then you can see a
really nice blue glow to his eyes
fantastically now one thing that you do
have to be careful with his head is
actually articulated however because of
the LED and the wiring that's in it you
can really only go about ninety degree
left and right you can go all the way
around but you're gonna snap the wire
so there's Ironhide right there and
here's the ratchet figure and again the
face is kind of goofy-looking his crest
is almost a little bit too big this this
crest obviously is a little bit smaller
but again you have the little button
here on the back then when you push it
you get the light-up feature in the ice
which is very reminiscent of just blue
pane on this one very nice looking
the only real unfortunate aspect of
these figures the only real unfortunate
aspect of the figures is that the add-on
parts can't store anywhere which is a
disappointment in my opinion but really
who displays their Ironhide and ratchet
in any other mode other than robot mode
I mean really come on the real question
is whether or not this set is worth it
each set retails separately for $30 or
you can get both of them for I think
like 50 $6.99 now there might be a
little bit too pricey for some people so
based on that I really can't recommend
it does it make the figures look better
absolutely in my opinion it absolutely
makes them look a hell of a lot better
but the price is a little bit steep so
this is definitely a set for collectors
with money but in my opinion this set
finally gives us a nice way to probably
display our g1 Ironhide and ratchets so
until next time guys I want to thank you
for tuning in this has been off the
bottom as' i'll talk to you later
you